what up guys so um I'm with my mom in
her car so if you hear her rambling on
over there or papers except she's
working we're waiting for someone people
are always late so we're just sitting in
the car so I thought it would be a good
time to film a video and I'm like what
can i film a video on because I'm in the
car I have like I usually just when I go
out I bring a clutch because I don't
like to bring huge bag everywhere I go
so I'm like what can I do a video on
obviously I don't have like any tag
questions with me I don't really have a
lot of makeup with me because they don't
really carry it around so I'm like what
can I do a video on that you guys will
actually want to see and also if the
video is kind of like on an angle I have
it my phone because I'm filming from my
phone I have it like pushed up in the
dashboard so it might be on an ankle so
sorry about that anyways so I figured
since I've been getting a lot of
questions on it lately people have been
asking about my lip color that I've been
wearing every day hold on let me take my
seat belt off so I can get closer so
this is the lip color that I've been
wearing in my last three or four videos
I've been getting a lot of questions on
it so I just figured that i'll show you
guys what it is because it's kind of
like my own little concoction so anyway
every single night when I brush my teeth
after brushing my teeth I take my
toothbrush and you know clean it off and
I use it to scrub off my lips to get
that dead skin off and then about two
times a week I make my own lip scrub
which is just olive oil like a little
dash of olive oil and i do right in the
palm of my hand and then a little bit of
sugar some people use salt but I like
sugar better so I mix sugar and olive
oil together and I put that on my lips i
scrub in I work it in really good my
fingers and then I wipe it off with a
washcloth so that gets all the dead skin
off and has like you know so you have a
nice base to start on your lips because
I have really really really dry lips and
especially in the winter it's a big
problem i wake up a lot of time with my
lips cracked and bleeding and all that
so i do that pretty often to get rid of
all that dead skin so yeah well
I have everything in my hands so first
thing that I use when I do my lipstick
is my carmex it's my favorite lip balm
to use and I actually just found out
that this is one of the only lip balms
out on the market that has salicylic
acid in it so I was like that's kind of
weird but actually what it does is it
eats well it sounds weird that eats away
but it takes off like that dead layer of
skin from your mouth so it's I know it
sounds weird this isn't a lot of acne
products salicylic acid but it kind of
is like gets rid of the dead layer of
skin so that's really cool I didn't know
that was in Carmack's but then I read I
heard somebody say it and then I read
the ingredients in the back and it's
like the fourth or fifth ingredient in
there so I put that on my lips work it
in and then I wipe it off because I
don't I'm not really into shiny lips so
I do that if you like shiny lips you can
leave it but I kind of blot the rest the
excess off then i line my lips with my
favorite prestige lip liner and it is
called love and the reason that i really
like prestige lip liners is because
they're waterproof so that's what it
looks like it's just a baby pink you
swatch it real quick that's what it
looks like really not baby pink it's
actually like a bright barbie pink but
even though i don't have really bright
pink lips it gives like a bright
underbase is that make sense I just like
it because even though it gets covered
up by the lipstick it brightens up your
lips and then after that I outlined
again with nyc's I don't even think this
has a name it's just called 955 a which
is like a plum color I put this over the
prestige one just to kind of tone down
the brightness a little bit yeah and
then after that the lipstick that i've
been using every single day is
maybelline colorsensational line 0 25
pink please and it comes you know they
have all their lipsticks according to
the type of finish not the type of
finish type of color so this is a pink
lipstick so it has a pink case they have
the brown ones the red ones but this is
pink one so it has a pink case and this
is what the lipstick looks like say
really pretty it's like a pink with
peach in it so it's
that perfect I don't like new lips
because I don't like to look like you
don't have lips and this it gives you
like a pale pink look but not so pale
that you don't have lips because really
I don't like when my lips blend in with
my skin some girls like that look but I
really don't so this is what the
lipstick looks like and it's um it's not
a matte shade but it doesn't have any
Sparkle in it at all which again I like
because they don't like shimmer on my
lips I like and I actually like a matte
look which I'm going to describe how I
get that after so then after that
lipstick on top I put 900 be which is a
really peach shade from wet'n'wild and
this lipstick is only like two dollars
from wet'n'wild that is what it looks
like and it's a really really peach
shade looks like that and its really
really pigmented I do like this to wear
on its own also but it gives just a
peach shade someone who mix the two
together it gives a really pretty pink
peach shade but you really I just like
obsess and I like to use a lot of
different products on my face but you
don't really need to mix them it doesn't
really change the color a lot but
definitely a good lipstick I love all of
wet and wild lipsticks because they're
299 there Matt they're very pigmented
and that's things that I like for my
lipsticks so um putting this on the
dashboard then the last thing that I do
is I use a setting powder and actually I
thought I was the only one in the world
who did this and that I was weird until
I saw the other day jlovesmac had a
video of her perfect nude lip something
like that and she said it with the
powder and I really thought that I was
the only one who did that because they
do it all the time and my friends look
at me weird because I actually carry
around this little powder and it's not
from my face it's just my lips and I
like to set my lipstick with a powder
because i personally don't like the look
of shine on my lips I just never have I
never used lip gloss and I don't like
these lipsticks have well the Maybelline
one oh there's my mom's form the
Maybelline one I can't edit design arms
on my iPhone
there's a one bad thing about the iphone
i can't edit my videos at all she
stepped out for me though so um I
carried her found maybelline um powder
and now she left her door open so that
beep is gonna be for the rest of video
but anyway I'm ending it now so this is
the powder that i use and basically i
just put what just fell oh my god the
powder fell out of the thing i just use
a little bit on my finger and then I
just Pat it on my lips to get that Matt
look so just use a skin tone powder I
powdered that the same skin tone as you
and I need to go cuz these people are
here now and they're looking at me like
I'm funny so I hope you guys enjoyed
that I'll see you all I'm at I just did
my video for that just before this but
uh yeah I'll see you guys soon sorry
this video's all over the place but I
hope you guys enjoyed it anyway see you
soon bye